And the best way to do so long as we approach the end of another outside happy hour this friday woo hoo! . And what better way to do so than by spending time in cramped indoors environments. At least we will have beer, but full stock of bottled ale, with a rich hoppy aroma, full body, fruit and malt notes develop in the fishbowl. Served with the usual selection of soft drinks, bottled beers and cider, and maybe drink beer.

In case you have only just started your position in the lab, or simply have never been to a Happy Hour before, come and join us at 5pm in fishbowl (the common area in the first floor). Your first drink is on us. We've got soft drinks, ale, lager and cider, plus lots of snacks.

It is an ancient Sysadmin
And he emaileth his CRSid
"By thy long grey beard and flickering screen
Now wherefore email'st thou me?

My paper writing is not yet done,
(And 'tis a painful slog)
The LaTeX er'rs grey my hairs:
May'st see the error log."

He writes him with his command line,
"There was a beer," quoth he.
"I've work to do! It cannot wait!"
He seems to disagree.

He writes him with his flickering screen--
The researcher sits still,
And contemplates the thought of drink,
And snacks to have his fill.

The researcher replies to him,
He cannot choose but mail;
And thus wrote him that sysadmin,
About the choice of ale.

"A keg we buy on Thursday's eve,
It arrives on Friday's morn.
We tap it and we drink it there
From a full week's work so worn.

The other drinks provid'st we there
Carton'd juice and bottl'd ales
And ciders and the soft drink cans
These are but some details

And wisheth you to snacketh too,
Snacks are on the table
With crisps and nuts and popcorn bags
All are there, available.

And so with drinks to fill me up
And crisps that I can devour,
Why wait'st thou so? With glass in tow
Attend the HAPPY HOUR"

Your amazing Happy Hour team is bringing you yet another indulgent afternoon filled with drinks and snacks at no cost to your wallet (not so sure about your health). The drinks will be served in shiny new RealVNC glasses, and the crisps and nuts will just stay in their old standard bags.

Do come along. Same time, same place. 

Let us celebrate the passing of the spring equinox by having some cocktails. Today the traditional Happy Hour keg will be replaced with a selection of cocktails, spirits and mixers. In addition, we will have our usual selection of soft drinks, bottled beers, cider, and snacks. Oh and it will all be free, so no need to bring your wallets.

After a mild disorganisation last week, Happy Hour returns better than (or equal to) ever. This evening at 5pm in the Fishbowl, we'll get Freaky with some Tiki (Golden, 3.8%), as well as the usual bottled ales, lagers, crisps, nuts, popcorn, ciders, crisps, juices, soft drinks, lagers, ales, nuts and crisps.

Last week may have been Good Friday, but if you ask us, it wasn't Good enough. Why not? It was missing one of the the Best components of a Good Friday: the Happy Hour.

Well, it might not Good Friday this week, but it's a Happy one, because after a short break Happy Hour is Back! Join us at 5pm in the Fishbowl for a keg of Sparta (4.3% pale bitter), and the usual Good selection of snacks, juices, soft drinks, ciders, lagers and so on.

We'll be starting the free Happy Hour at 5pm (in the Cafe), so do come a bit earlier for a drink with your opponents or your team-mates. As usual, a selections of snacks, soft drinks, bottled drinks, wine and a keg (Sparta) will be waiting for you. And for those participating in the quiz, pizzas will be arriving a bit later.

A very early Happy Hour email for a very special occasion. Since this is the last Happy Hour before Christmas, we've decided to mix things up a bit, and tomorrow's Happy Hour will be replacing its normal keg with (free) mulled wine and mice pies. If that doesn't sound appealing, don't worry, we'll still have the normal selection of bottled ales, lagers, ciders, soft drinks, juices and crisps.

So, don't make other plans for tomorrow evening, come share the Christmas cheer with the Happy Hour team and all your lab mates.

'Twas the last hour of Friday, when all through the lab,
Not a student was stirring, not even a grad;
The mulled wine was placed in the fish bowl with care,
In the hopes that Happy Hour soon would be there.

The Readers were nestled in front of their screens,
When visions of mince pies blocked their machines.
With lagers and ciders and ales bottled up
The hour was comping when they'd fill their cup.

When down in the fish bowl there came such a clatter,
They sprang out of their chairs to see what was the matter.
They looked at their watches and cried out in shock,
We're already late! It's gone 5 o'clock!

Rushing to the fish bowl, they saw the whole team,
Walk into the kitchen, to prepare (or to clean).
But they heard them exclaim, 'ere they walked out of sight—
“Happy Hour to all, and to all a good night!”

It shouldn't surprise anyone that there is a Happy Hour this Friday (woo hoo!). And it shouldn't surprise anyone that Part III and MPhil students are invited. Or that we have a keg, lots of lagers, ciders, soft drinks and snacks. What is surprising though, is that I can see quite a lot of blue sky and it's mostly sunny today. Or that the ale we have tonight is Marcus Aurelius, which is 7.5% alcohol I guess we need to warm up somehow.

See you all in the Street tomorrow at 5pm for a keg or Nero and Justinian, wine, lagers and cider, and an extended selection of snacks including cheeses, crackers, olives, crisps, dips, bins, napkins, paper plates and chopping boards.

Now is the Friday of our discontent
Made glorious weekend by the Milton beer;
And all the work that lour'd upon our lab
In the deep bosom of the Fishbowl buried.

Now is our keg filled with Sparta (4.3%);
Our packets of crisps laid out for eating
Our ciders and lagers for drinking away
Our juices and soft drinks for those who refrain.

This day should Happy Hour be gladly held,
As with regularity, which says that at '5'
O'clock the snacks and drinks prepared shall be.
Come, people, down to the Fishbowl: here
Happy Hour comes.

You are cordially invited to attend from 17:30 in The Street, where you will find a selection of drinks and nibbles.

Happy Hour is an informal gathering of the Computer Laboratory, and is a chance to meet and catch up with friends and colleagues. It takes place every Friday at 5pm, with a few exceptions. We provide a selection of snacks, soft and alcoholic drinks together with a keg of local beer from Milton brewery.
 
A special message to all graduate students (including Part III) - you are invited not only to this Happy Hour, but to all the other Happy Hours of the year too. Just in case you weren't sure.
 
Happy Hour starts at 5pm in FC24 – otherwise known as the fishbowl.

It looks like the weather is trying to tell us something -- it's
telling us to stay indoors, and keep ourselves dry, warm and social.
The Computer Lab has agreed to continue providing dryness, we're still
in negotiations about the warmth, and Happy Hour is here to help with
the social element.

Join us at 5pm in the fishbowl for a keg of Sparta, crisps, soft
drinks, ciders, lagers, ales, juices and most importantly of all,
other people.

Join us for yet another instalment of happy hour. Today we will have a keg of Augustus with a great selection of soft drinks, ciders and snacks.

Once again we invite you to our weekly Happy Hour.  We will have a keg of Sparta (refreshing pale bitter, 4.3%), soft drinks, and the usual collection of snacks and bottled ales/lagers/ciders.

Today is International Beer Day[1], so what better way to celebrate it than a free Happy Hour! Today we have a keg of Prometheus (6.0%), as well as the usual ciders, lagers, ales, soft drinks, juices and snacks.

Another Friday, another Happy Hour, at 5pm in the fishbowl. Served with the usual selection of snacks, beer, soft drinks, beer, snacks, juice, snacks, soft drinks and beer.

The weather gods are being kind to us recently, so we figured it'd be a nice idea to taunt them with the suggestion of another outside Happy Hour! If the weather stays as good as it is right now, then instead of our normal location in the fishbowl, Happy Hour will be outside in the courtyard.

As always, there is beer, snacks, other drinks, the usual.

Join us this Friday afternoon for yet another happy hour. This time sponsored by good weather.
 
As always there will be a keg, soft drinks, lagers, ciders, and snacks available. Same place (the fishbowl), same time (5pm).

On this splendid warm and sunny summer day you should not be staying inside! Oh wait It's neither sunny nor warm! And not that splendid as a summer day either!

Well, then you have no excuse but to join us for the Happy Hour. Same place, same time. Pretty much same people as always.

Join us for the usual Happy Hour at 5pm this afternoon. I’m really not sure why we keep reminding you of it.
 
As always there will be a keg, and the usual selection of soft drinks, lagers, crisps, ales, and ciders.

Celebrate our brief glimpse of the "day-star" with Happy Hour, at 5pm this afternoon. We have a keg of Sparta, and the usual selection of soft drinks, lagers, crisps, ales, ciders, nuts, sofas, tables, windows, glasses, carpets, cupboards, security researchers and tap water.

We thought it's about time we brought you another free Happy Hour. So here it is! Double sized keg, plenty of soft drinks and snacks. And all of it sponsored by Bromium (see text below).

A beer there was, a beer, a beer!
All crisp and pale with a bronze veneer!
The beer! The beer!
Come to the fishbowl, it's right here!
"The fishbowl?" say you, wanting a beer
All crisp and pale with a bronze veneer!

The happy hour's time grows near!
Not there! But here!
With crisps and soft drinks and a keg of beer!
Come chat and snack -- or just appear!
At 5pm, if that were not clear!

In order not to annoy the weather gods, we will not going to have today's Happy Hour outside. So join us in the usual place at the usual time for the usual selection. The ale of the day is Tiki.

The sky is blue and the sun is shining -- if that makes you happy, then why not join other happy people in Happy Hour, 5pm in the fishbowl. This week's beer is Sparta (4.3% pale), and there's the normal selection of soft drinks, crisps, bottled beers, nuts, chilled monkey brains, and juices.

With the end of another week comes another Happy Hour

For the beer drinkers among you, steel your livers: this week we have a keg of Prometheus (6% IPA)*. For the non-beer drinkers, we have the normal selection of juices and soft drinks. For the crisp eaters, there will be crisps, and there are probably a couple of packets of nuts for the nut eaters.

As another week draws to and end, and it seems that spring is finally coming, we, the Happy Hour team, would like to remind you that, while the sunshine may seem appealing, the outside is a dangerous place, full of wolves, bears, and tourists.

Instead of taking the risk of wandering outside and being bitten, mauled, or photographed, why not safely stay in the Lab this evening, with a nice pint of Minotaur (3.3% dark mild) in one hand and a packet of crisps in the other. Or soft drinks, juices, nuts, the usual stuff. Happy hour is on tonight, as always, at 5pm in the fishbowl.

After a short break, Happy Hour is back! Even if you're in the middle of writing yet another paper for yet another conference (surely it isn't just us!), you should still join us for a drink. Same place, same time.

No keg this time, but plenty of bottled beers and ciders, soft drinks and snacks.

Even though it’s holiday season for some of you, the rest of us still in the lab can come and enjoy a traditional happy hour.
 
As always, there will be a keg (Minotaur, upon the suggestion of one of our patrons), lagers, ciders, soft drinks, juices, crisps etc.

To celebrate the end of term and ridding ourselves of the undergrads for a blissful several weeks, we're having an extra normal happy hour this week!

That's right, there will be a keg (Nike, 4.7% ruby ale), there will be lagers, ciders, soft drinks, juices, crisps, nuts, doritos & dips; you name it, and if we normally have it then we'll probably have it today.

Don't miss out on an excitingly perfectly ordinary happy hour, at 5pm today in the fishbowl.

In the spirit of science, we'll be running a social experiment this Happy Hour and replacing the keg with a selection of cocktails, spirits and mixers. In addition to our usual selection of soft drinks, bottled beers and cider, and snacks.

Once again it’s Friday. You know the drill. (In case you don’t:  beer, soft drinks, and snacks in the fishbowl at 5pm, everyone is welcome)

It’s that time of the week again. Have a nice end of the working week with us, some ales and ciders, a selection of soft drinks, and the usual collection of snacks.

As we approach the end of another working* week, we can celebrate the coming of the weekend with another Happy Hour. As always, there will be beer, soft drinks, the usual snacks, all in the fishbowl at 5pm. All are welcome

We happily invite you to another Happy Hour. 5:00 PM, in the fish bowl.

Far over the first floor corridor,
To fishbowl bright, and old maths door.
We must away, on this Friday,
To tap the keg, and let it pour.

The Sun is setting, we'll soon lose light.
A hard week's end is in our sight.
So we want you to all come to,
The Happy Hour, at 5 tonight.

Same place and same time. Soft drinks, a keg, some bottled ales, lagers, ciders and ginger beer, plenty of crisps. What more could you want?

Join us for the last Happy Hour of the season in the fish bowl at 5PM today. No keg this time, but there will be plenty of bottled lagers, ales and ciders together with a selection of soft drinks, and the usual collection of snacks.

All MPhils, Part IIIs, PhDs, postdocs, RAs, staff and supervisors welcome!

As always, we would like to invite you to the weekly happy hour at 5pm in the fish bowl.
There will be soft drinks, snacks and a keg of Saturnalia, a crisply hoppy, with powerful tropical fruit flavours and satisfyingly bitter finish

We invite you to our weekly happy hour in the fish bowl.

As always, there are soft drinks and snacks along with a keg of Pegasus.

Spread your wings and fly like a unicorn to this week's happy hour which will feature a keg of Pegasus.  Soft drinks, bottled ales and lagers, juice and snacks will also be available.

Our usual selection includes a keg of delicious Justinian beer (3.9%), bottled ales, lagers and cider. We also have soft drinks and snacks.

A special message to MPhil and Part III students - you are invited not only to this Happy Hour, but to all the other Happy Hours of the year too. Just in case you weren't sure.

A keg of Justinian (3.9%), some bottled beers, ciders and soft drinks will be waiting for you at 5pm.

Yet another Friday with yet another Happy Hour.

You know the drill. A keg (Icarus, 4.5%), lots of bottled ale, lager and cider, soft drinks and crisps waiting for you at 5pm. As always.

Once again we have the Happy Hour at 5pm this afternoon. As always, there's beer (Tiki, 3.8%), soft drink, snacks, bottles, etc.

On a more personal note, this will be my last Happy Hour until January, as I'll be away on an internship until then. I haven't brought cake, but let's make it a good one anyway.

Today is a Friday and, shockingly, that means another Happy Hour! Join us at 5 for beer (Nimrud), soft drinks, snacks, and a refilled supply of ales, ciders and lagers.

There will be a happy hour today with the usual selection of both alcoholic and soft drinks.

Aujourd'hui nous avons LE HAPPY HOUR, parce que c'est le FRIDAY à 5PM.
Il y a du BEER et les SOFT DRINKS, servéd avec CRISPS et les choses comme ça.

Je veux voir tout les monde là.

Despite the risk of ruining the weather for the whole weekend, we're (again) going to attempt to have the Happy Hour OUTSIDE today!

So unless half an hour from now the sky gets covered in clouds and it gets really cold, come and join us in the courtyard for some sun, beer, soft drinks and the rest of our usual selection. 

Roses are red,
Happy hour is not,
Rhyming is hard,
Happy hour at 5.

Today we have Jericho a 4.8% Amber coloured bitter beer with a lovely
citrus flavour and bitter finish. Accompanied by the usual nibbles.

It has been great to see everyone come around for Happy Hour. Please
remember to invite any new arrivals.

One last note, if you see any of our pint glasses please corral them
back to the fish-bowl, we seem to have been slowly loosing them and
now, GASP! must use wine glasses for our ale. A travesty, I know.

We considered having Happy Hour outside, but that would have
immediately caused it to rain.

This week we have a recent repeat. CYCLOPS.. RAWR! We apologize for
the repeats, but Milton is in the process of moving breweries and has
a lower than usual stock. Some ideas we are shooting around for the
coming year include a Happy Hour on the Road to Milton's Devonshire
Arms and perhaps a tour of the Milton brewery. Requests and comments
always welcome of course.

Cyclops is a light copper coloured ale, with a rich hoppy aroma, full
body, fruit and malt notes develop in the finish. Brewed with three
different malts and four different varieties of hops. 5.3% ABV.

Same place. Same time.

No keg, but full stock of bottled ales, lagers, ciders, ginger beer, soft drinks and snacks. 

I hope you are enjoying your summer! Happy Hour as usual 5pm in the fishbowl. Please extend this invitation to all visiting researchers, intern students, new hires and anyone else who is around.

Today we have CYCLOPS. 5.3% ABV Light copper coloured ale, with a rich hoppy aroma, full body, fruit and malt notes develop in the finish. Brewed with three different malts and four different varieties of hops.

The usual assortment of crisp, non-alcholic drinks, nuts will be available.

